{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh15280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Please assess and score this file if possible, because I am confused about your submission date (Week 8 Monday), I check the calendar and think that the week 8 Monday is actual the last week (bank holiday), so I submitted in that day. But \'93your week 8 Monday\'94 is 5th Nov. so I submit this file before the deadline. Can you please provide the exact date of submission next time that could avoid confusion. Thank you
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf0 Personal Contribution (Basic Explanations):
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b\fs36 1. Some Turtle Figures:
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Flower (Suggest Order: 4, Length: 300):
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The inspiration of the Flower comes from the simple tree recursive method. 45 degree between each petal, the result looks more like dandelion with the amount of order increases.  
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Paper-Cut (Suggest Order: 4, Length: 210):
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Drawing one side is the first step, use recursive method replace the forward method results in the recursive effect. When one side is finished, building another method within a for loop to draw four sides with 90 degree. 
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Quadratic Koch (Suggest Order: 3, length: 200):
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The concept is similar to Paper-Cut.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Circular Gasket (Suggest Length: 200, Speed: Fastest):
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The Circular Gasket consists of 9 circles, which one outer circle includes 8 inner circles.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Spinning Nested Square (Suggest Order: 40, Length: 300):\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Each square is drawn based on the preceding square. Adjusting the begin place of pen in the each order,  and the size of the square decreases. The result shows a spinnng nested square effect.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 Gasket Art One (Suggest Order: 3 Length: 300):\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Recursive figure with a circle inside in a square. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Gasket Art Two (Suggest Order: 3 Length: 300):\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Recursive figure with four identical circles and a small circle located in the centre of this figure, all of circles are encompassed a square. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
The suggested order and length is in order to display the figure in the centre of the canvas. However, this could reflect a disadvantage of this system that could not dynamically locate the figure in the perfect centre of the canvas according to indicated order and length. 
\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf0 2. User Interface (UI):
\fs24 \

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The User Interface is designed to split two main panels (Canvas and User Control Centre). Firstly, the Canvas Panel displays the figures that will be drawn, and is occupied most of the whole UI (size: 500*500). Secondly, the User Control Centre is responsible for some operations from the user who can decide the how to draw a figure such as, type, order and length of the figure and some canvas and drawing setting etc. The panel is placed alongside the Canvas Panel. The advantage of this design is that different functions are separated so that the layout could be more clear. In addition, the big canvas area design could get more focuses from the user, which corresponds to the goal of the application that focuses on the display the drawing figures from simple user\'92s operations. However, when the big amount of length attribute is inputted by the user, the canvas cannot display the whole figures because the size of the canvas is fixed. The fixed area of canvas design, therefore, could be the main disadvantage. Future improvement and development could add the bigger size of canvas and scrollbars to it, which could address the disadvantage of the current canvas without increasing the whole size of the application display.\
\
In the User Control Centre panel,  the types of the figure user can select is displayed using Listbox widget plus a Scrollbar widget instead of OptionMenu because the user might perceive it more obviously and directly than OptionMenu that hide options. This could be tested further in the future development.\
\
The rest of the User Control Centre panel consists of three sub-panels (Frame widget) that use to \'93group other widgets into complex layouts\'94 (effbot.org, 2007). Figure Settings (entryFrame) refers to get the user\'92s input. Furthermore, there are some input valid tests when the user click draw button that can avoid the crash of the application when the invalid characters are inputed.\
\
Canvas & Drawing Setting (settingFrame) includes some OptionMenu and Scale widget etc. controls some preferences settings of the canvas and the drawing pen. This could add some interests to the user when they look the drawing processes.\
\
Operation (buttonContanier) frame includes three Button widgets, the draw button includes the validation test of the orderEntry and lengthEntry. Furthermore, if the user forgets to select a figure, the warning message will show to alert the user.\
\
\'91Screen Shot\'92 button can capture the current figure, and it can be stored in the ScreenShot folder in the Qiuyang Nie document.\
\
Figure Info (infoFrame) displays relevant information about the figure that is drawn.\
}